There are many different departments that you will work with during your application process and time at Northeastern. Below is an overview of these offices, and their role.

Global Experience Office (GEO) - Student Experience & General Support
GEO is the Study Abroad & Exchange office at Northeastern, and is responsible for all exchange agreements, including your program at NU. The NU Exchange Team oversees all aspects of your program, including: application, admission, preparation of visa documentation, pre-arrival information, orientation to Northeastern, advising during your time at NU and the cultural program in Boston.

Office of Global Services (OGS) - Immigration & Compliance Services
OGS is the office responsible for issuing your immigration paperwork and maintaining your visa records during your time at NU. Upon admission, GEO will guide you through the OGS process of requesting your immigration documentation. It is imperative that you respond to communication from OGS in a timely manner. Should you have any questions regarding your visa status during your time in the United States, OGS will be more than happy to help! In addition to providing visa guidance, OGS also offers cultural events throughout the year in addition to those offered by GEO. These are a great way to meet other international students on campus who are a part of different programs.

Student Financial Services - Billing Questions
Student Financial Services assists all students with questions regarding their billing and setting up payment plans with Northeastern University. Student fees associated with Housing, Dining, and Northeastern Student Health Insurance (NUSHP) will display in your MyNEU portal.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding your statement, please contact them directly at sfs@northeastern.edu. Please note that international wire transfers can take several days to show up in your account - we encourage you to keep receipts of your payments, and if the payment does not show after 10 business days to contact Student Financial Services. There are payment plans available through TuitionPay. More information can be found at http://www.northeastern.edu/financialaid/paymentmethods/.

UHCS - Health & Wellbeing
University Health and Counseling Services (UHCS) offers access to care during your time at Northeastern. In order for you to attend classes, you must submit the required University Health Report by the deadline listed on the form.

Housing - For Student Living On Campus
The Housing Office is responsible for placing thousands of students into their on-campus accommodation.

Off-Campus Services - For Students Living Off Campus
Off-Campus Services assists all students in finding off-campus accommodation, including finding temporary housing, if you arrive before your scheduled move-in.

Dining Services - For Meal Plan and Dining Information
Dining Services organizes all on-campus food options, including meal plans for both on-campus residents and those living off-campus who wish to purchase a "commuter meal plan."

NU Exchange Program - This is your program!
With nearly 20,000 international students, Northeastern is a vibrant and exciting community! A variety of offices and Colleges administer incoming exchange opportunities. As a student from one of Northeastern's global university partners, however, you will be a part of the non-degree seeking NU Exchange Program offered through the Global Experience Office (GEO).